DOCS: Update ARP page to VyOS 1.5 standards (#1859)
vyos/vyos-documentation: docs/configuration/protocols/arp.rst

.. _routing-static-arp:
.. meta::
   :description: The Address Resolution Protocol (ARP) resolves 
                 network-layer addresses to link-layer MAC addresses.
   :keywords: arp, network, protocol, mac, address, ipv4, static

###
ARP
###

The :abbr:`ARP (Address Resolution Protocol)` resolves network-layer 

> addresses, typically IPv4, to link-layer hardware addresses, such as MAC 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The :abbr:`ARP (Address Resolution Protocol)` resolves IPv4 network layer addresses
to link layer MAC addresses. 
```

ARP is _only_ for IPv4. IPv6 uses NDP instead.
